We Salute the Hamas brigades they chant
hundreds of people gathered in central
rala one of a growing number of protests
in towns and cities in the occupied West
Bank Israel's war on Gaza is uniting
people across the Palestinian
territory we're one people in the West
Bank in Gaza our blood is one we're in
small jails we suffer from raids and
settlers we're locked in we can't move
settlers attack farmers and chop off
trees I feel let down by the Arab people
I don't count on the western world
because Israel is their project not only
the US project it's a British French
German European and American project to
protect their interest in the Middle
East we're not here to say God is with
Gaza we're part of Gaza in the battle
itself they tried to tame us for so long
people have scattered but the anger kept
Brewing people just want their voice to
get heard gaza's children are ours too
the blood flowing in Gaza is
ours Palestinian Security Forces
struggled to disperse hundreds of
protesters on Tuesday night fires were
lit across rala tear gas and live fire
into the air believed to be from
Palestinian gunman supporting the
demonstrators they were demanding that
Palestinian president Mamud Abbas
returned from the Jordanian Capital arm
man immediately where he was scheduled
to meet US President joee Biden they
accused the Palestinian leader of not
doing enough to protect the people of
Gaza from Israel's Onslaught enough
International diplomacy they said it
never works the situation calmed when
Abbas announced he was coming back to
rala and he had cancelled the meeting
with the US president but as the
horrific pictures of Israel's attack of
a hospital in Gaza which killed nearly
500 people sank in protests continued
Wednesday in Hebron where youths H rocks
and burnt tires chanting with our souls
and blood we sacrifice ourselves for
alaka these are not just massacres this
is a genocide they want to annihilate
the Palestinian people not just Gaza we
know we'll be next there were also
protests in B laham we call for an
immediate ceasefire we call to we call
the word to to have passage for
humanitarian Aid and we call for a just
Peace So that Palestinians can have
their freedom and their independence and
their
self-determination as Israel's
bombardment of Gaza continues there's a
whing feeling here amongst the people in
the occupied West Bank the
demonstrations are the only way that
they can highlight the Decades of
suffering they have endured under
Israel's occupation and try and stop
Israel's Relentless killing of their
friends families and fellow Palestinians
in the Gaza Strip Charles staford Al
jazer
rala make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz